feat: ADR-73 A/B testing (#64)
decentraland/adr: docs/ADR-73-ab-testing.md

> Please note that if you define and activation with rollout and `enabled`/`disabled` variants you will split your users as follow:
>
> - assuming total: `1.000` users
> - activation rollout (50%): `500` users
> - `enabled` variant (50%): `250` users
> - `disabled` variant (50%): `250` users
>
> For a total of `1.000` only half of them will count as testing users and half of those will see the `enabled` options, that means that `750` users will see the old version but only `250` will be considered in the result of the A/B testing.
> If your objective is to test `500` users with `enabled` and `500` users with `disabled` remove the rollout configuration.

Once your A/B testing is ready you should get something like this:

```json5
{
  "flags": {
    "test-flag": true, // not an A/B testing
    "test-test-feature_name_variant": true,
  },
  "variants": {
    "test-feature_name_variant": {
      "name": "enabled" // or "disabled"
    }
  }
}
```

If instead your A/B testing is inactive you should get something like this:

```json5
{
  "flags": {
    "test-flag": true, // not an A/B testing
  },
  "variants": {}
}
```

#### Including extra data

> Some times you need to include additional data to know how to handle each variant, this is useful because you can develop the variant implementation and detached from the end value (that can be content that is not ready jet) you will be able to develop and deploy you a/b testing and other teams in charge of produce the content will be able to test it without any other interaction with your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some times you need to include additional data to know how to handle each variant, this is useful because you can develop the variant implementation detached from the end value (that can be content that is not ready yet). You will then be able to develop and deploy your A/B testing and, other teams in charge of producing the content, will be able to test it without any other interaction with your code.
```

Just added some punctuation and fixed some minor typos. What do you think?

![Extra data](./resources/ADR-73/006-extra-data.png)

### Segment: measuring your new A/B testing

To measure if any of the variants of an A/B testing is significant we need to know three things:

- the total number of users in the A/B testing

> - which variant got each one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- which variant each one got
```

- the success metric

To know the total number of users we send an event `feature_flags` each time a user gets a new set of feature flags, but to know which variant each user gets we need to format our feature flags as the following array:

```js
[
  `${FEATURE_FLAG_NAME}`,
  `${FEATURE_FLAG_NAME}:${FEATURE_FLAG_VARIANT_NAME}`,
]
```

For example, the previous feature flags will be format as:

```json5
[
  "test-flag", // not an A/B testing
  "test-feature_name_variant",
  "test-feature_name_variant:enabled",
  // or "test-feature_name_variant:disabled",
]
```

> And send it in the prop `featureFlags` this way we can easy search feature flags and or variant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And send it in the prop `featureFlags` this way we can easily search feature flags and/or variants.
```

```ts
analytics.track(
  `feature_flags`,
  {
    featureFlags: [
      "test-flag", // not an A/B testing
      "test-feature_name_variant",
      "test-feature_name_variant:enabled",
    ]
  }
)
```

> Finally, you define your success metric (and time frame), this way the data team (or any other) will be able to generate a dashboard to measure the success (or not) of your test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, you need to define your success metric (and time frame). This way the data team (or any other team) will be able to generate a dashboard to measure the success (or failure) of your test.
```
